Passkeys update (#9884)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/identity/passkey-form-autofill/index.md

  replay attacks. Make sure to generate a new challenge on every sign-in attempt 
  and disregard it after a certain duration or after a sign-in attempt fails to 
  validate. Consider it like a CSRF token.
* **[`allowCredentials`](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#dom-publickeycredentialrequestoptions-allowcredentials)**:
  This property is used to find authenticators eligible for this authentication.
  Pass an empty array or leave it unspecified to let the browser show an account
  selector.
* **[`userVerification`](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#dom-publickeycredentialrequestoptions-userverification)**:
  Set to a `"preferred"` value or omit it as it's the default. This indicates
  whether a user verification using the device's screen lock is `"required"`,
  `"preferred"` or `"discouraged"`. Setting to `"preferred"` value requests user
  verification when the device is capable.

{% Aside 'caution' %}

On a device that doesn't support a biometric sensor (e.g. iMac), setting the
`userVerification` to `"preferred"` results in no user verification requested to
the user, immediately returning a credential that contains the [UV (user

> verification)](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#authdata-flags-uv) flag `false`.

Reviewer: We could keep this a bit more generic rather than reference iMacs. Also, it's important to know that even with a fingerprint sensor, you may sometimes not get UV. How about 

"For requests with userVerification set to `preferred`, authenticators may skip the user verification check, for example if the device doesn't have any biometric sensor, the user hasn't set it up (e.g. no enrolled fingerprints), or if the sensor is temporarily unavailable (e.g. laptop running with a closed display lid). The UV bit in the authenticator data of the response always indicates whether user verification was performed."

> If you'd like to always require a user verification, pass an `userVerification:

Reviewer: Nit: set userVerification to required

  replay attacks. Make sure to generate a new challenge on every sign-in attempt 
  and disregard it after a certain duration or after a sign-in attempt fails to 
  validate. Consider it like a CSRF token.

> * **[`allowCredentials`](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#dom-publickeycredentialrequestoptions-allowcredentials)**:
>   An array of acceptable credentials for this authentication. Pass an empty
>   array to let the user select an available passkey from a list shown by the
>   browser.
> * **[`userVerification`](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#dom-publickeycredentialrequestoptions-userverification)**:
>   Indicates whether a user verification using the device screen lock is
>   `"required"`, `"preferred"` or `"discouraged"`. The default is `"preferred"`,
>   which means the authenticator may skip user verification. Set this to
>   `"preferred"` or omit the property. 
> 
> {% Aside 'caution' %}
> 
> For requests with `userVerification` set to `"preferred"`, authenticators may
> skip the user verification check, for example if the device doesn't have any
> biometric sensor, the user hasn't set it up (e.g. no enrolled fingerprints), or
> if the sensor is temporarily unavailable (e.g. laptop running with a closed
> display lid). The [UV bit in the authenticator data of the
> response](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#authdata-flags-uv) always indicates
> whether user verification was performed.
> 
> If you'd like to always require a user verification, set `userVerification` to
> `"required"`. Don't forget to check that the UV flag is `true` on the server as
> well.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **[`allowCredentials`](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#dom-publickeycredentialrequestoptions-allowcredentials)**:
  An array of acceptable credentials for this authentication. Pass an empty
  array to let the user select an available passkey from a list shown by the
  browser.
* **[`userVerification`](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#dom-publickeycredentialrequestoptions-userverification)**:
  Indicates whether user verification using the device screen lock is
  `"required"`, `"preferred"` or `"discouraged"`. The default is `"preferred"`,
  which means the authenticator may skip user verification. Set this to
  `"preferred"` or omit the property. 

{% Aside 'caution' %}

For requests with `userVerification` set to `"preferred"`, authenticators may
skip the user verification check, for example if the device doesn't have any
biometric sensors, the user hasn't set it up (no enrolled fingerprints), or
if the sensor is temporarily unavailable (a laptop running with a closed
display lid). The [UV bit in the authenticator data of the
response](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/#authdata-flags-uv) always indicates
whether user verification was performed.

If you'd like to always require a user verification, set `userVerification` to
`"required"`. Don't forget to check that the UV flag is `true` on the server as
well.

```
